Feat/handle more locales for native methods (#2659)
leancodepl/patrol: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Working with patrol_devtools_extension

If you plan to use the local version of Patrol to test/modify the Patrol DevTools extension, you need to deploy it first. To do this, navigate to the `patrol_devtools_extension` folder and run the `./publish_to_patrol_extension` script.

## Adding a new language or new strings to existing language

### iOS

1. Go to `packages/patrol/darwin/Resources/` folder.
2. Add a new language folder with the name of the language or use existing one.
3. Add a new `Localizable.strings` or add strings to the existing file.
4. Add the new language to the `getLocalizedStrings` function in `IOSAutomator.swift` file.
5. If you added new strings, you need to find all functions where these strings are used and add them to the function. for example "labels" in allowPermissionOnce() in IOSAutomator.swift file.

### Android

1. Go to `packages/patrol/android/src/main/res/values-<language>/` folder.
2. Add a new `strings.xml` with language folder name or add strings to the existing file.

> 3. If you added new string, you need to add it to proper function in Automator.kt, for example look on toggleAirplaneMode() function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you added new string, you need to add it to proper function in Automator.kt, for example look at the toggleAirplaneMode() function.
```

## Working with patrol_devtools_extension

If you plan to use the local version of Patrol to test/modify the Patrol DevTools extension, you need to deploy it first. To do this, navigate to the `patrol_devtools_extension` folder and run the `./publish_to_patrol_extension` script.

> ## Adding a new language or new strings to existing language

Reviewer: please specify that it refers to handling native OS interaction
